1) git status
2) if you are creating a new project in git then,
git init - create an empty repository an existing one.(it means we have not file whom  we may transfer to in git)
3)git add --a  - this command will add all the files to the staging area .
4)git add first.txt - we can see that the file is removed from the staging area.
5)git commit -m "Initial Commit"(How much the files init ?)
6) git commit -m "Changed first.txt and added better design"


Staging :- Imagine a box . you can put stuff into the box. you can take stuff out of the box. this box is the staging area of git. +
staging is done by using git add command. This cimmand informs git about the contents those are ready to be commited.


Commit :- Git Commit is the next step after staging the contents. It is a sort of confirmation from your side after 
hich git creates a snapshot of the present state of repository 
forever , or in other words , we can say the contents staged got commited 

  Steps for commiting your work :
1) git add your work
2) git commit your work   

7) rm -rf .git - using for remove the old repository .
8)git clone https://------   (firstly using the tensorflow repository from googl and site name is git website tensorflo)
if you r changing in this file then we can see tht have been changing in it.


9) touch error.log - this command create a new file which name is error.log
and then we assume that our software automatically generate in error.log then

10) if i want to that humme koi mtlb ni h error.log se in working tree m ar error.log humme preshan naah krre to hum
touch .gitignore - then create a file which name is gitignore
11)In this file gitignore  we write a erroe.log and then save 
we see that in git status error.log will be removed and  only see file gitignore
12) git add --a - all the files are staging area
git commit -m "Added gitignore" - all the files are commited area

13) if our project m bhot sare error.log files create ho gyi then in git ignore  we write a ----  *.log (using for ignore the files)

14)agr humne directory bnayi ar usme files bii a ar folder bii h ar we wnna that humare folders k andr ka matter bii tracted ho than - 
in gitignore - dir/  tb humare directory ignore ho jyege(dir name ka folder  ignore ho jyege)(using for ignore the folder)

15) agr hume koi file ya directory add krni h in staging area m then we can write git commit -m "added static"

16)  if we want to that ignore the outer folder(dir) - then /dir/ write in gitignore file 

17) pure folder ko ignore krne k liye outer folder name(static) - static/dir

18) git diff -- this command looking the  differences between working directory and staging area .
19) git diff --staged - this command show the comparing between previous commited area from s now a commited area . 
20) skip the staging area and direct the commited command is ---   git commit -a -m "Direct commit"
 in this command tracked files to be direct commited but untracked files do not  yet commited  and for the files to be 
commited then the command is git add second.txt(filename)   